[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
ROCK BOTTOM
[indistinct chatter]
A three-day weekend!
That's fantastic, isn't it?
With a little luck,
I just may have the house to myself!
Yeah, but knowing your parents,
it's not gonna be easy.
[Odd] I'm betting on Yumi.
[birds chirping]
[dog barking]
[chewing]
I didn't tell you, but I've got
a lot of homework this weekend.
Of course,
I'll stay home and look after things.
And if you have nothing against it,
I'd like to have a little gathering.
A gathering to do homework together...
or to wreck the living room?
Well...
Go on, answer your father!
Well, I thought I'd invite my friends
over for a quiet evening at home.
Mmm... You mean those three clowns?
But daddy, you hardly even know them!
They seem nice enough.
I wish you'd... trust me a little more.
Mmm...
All right, they can come.
That is so great, you won't regret it,
you'll see.
[gasps and kisses]
Thanks, mom! You're the greatest!
Have a nice weekend!
[giggles]
[chuckling]
[theme music]
[indistinct chatter]
[humming]
Hey! I've got great news, guys!
Tonight we have
the house all to ourselves!
-You did it!
-We'd better get organized.
No problem.
-Anything wrong, Jeremy?
-I'm trying to localize Lyoko.
-It shouldn't take this much time.
-Don't worry.
If there's a problem,
Aelita will contact you.
Yeah well, we can always hope.
[bell ringing]
-[Ulrich sighs]
-[Jeremy] Time for physics.
-[bell ringing]
-Mmm...
[Ms. Hertz] Class dismissed
and don't forget Monday´s quiz
on seismic phenomena,
better known as earthquakes.
[birds chirping]
Theo and Benjamin said they would come,
but what're we gonna do about Sissi?
It wouldn't break my heart
if she didn't come.
She and that horrible music
she'd bring with her.
Hey, leave the music to me.
Wait 'til you see the surprise
I've got in store for you.
We're gonna have a real DJ, guys.
No dumb music for us. We're gonna rock.
Great. See you later.
We'll go shopping after class.
Okay, in the meantime,
I'll try and contact Aelita
and warn her to be careful tonight.
You never know.
[theme music]
[birds chirping]
[Odd] And now
it's time for Ulrich to get ready
and enter the starting block.
[Odd] Tensions are high
ladies and gentlemen,
as he zeros in on his objective.
The timekeeper's about to
sound the departure.
-[Jeremy] Bang.
-[Odd] And he's off and running!
What grace, what agility
and what great speed he's got!
[panting]
[Odd] And here we go.
He's ready for the sliding phase.
What perfect knee coordination.
Ready...
stop.
Wow, he beat me!
Really, Ulrich went farther than you?
Well then, how did I make out?
[Jeremy] A new dorm record.
-[gasps]
-[Jim] What's all this racket about?
[growls]
Gotta hang up.
Secret code: "Big fat clown."
Gotcha. Okay, talk to you later.
Come on, Jim. We're just a little bored.
There's nothing to do here.
I really don't understand.
Every long weekend,
you kids stay at school.
You never go anywhere.
If for once you guys took a vacation,
I'd have some peace and quiet.
That just goes to show you how much
we love this place.
Oh yeah? And I'll bet it's 'cause at home,
your parents are sick of you.
I sympathize with them.
[grunts] And now, let's go.
I want all of you to go back to
your rooms, on the double!
[exhale disappointed]
[Ulrich] Right away, Jim.
[Jim grunts]
-Your turn, Odd.
-We'd better hurry, huh?
[Jeremy] Bang.
[panting]
[yells and crashes]
You okay, Odd?
Hey, didn't I beat the record?
Hmm...
Is this your surprise disc jockey, huh?
Yeah, you mean you don't recognize her?
She goes to school here.
Her name's, Samantha. See you later.
I've got some work to do.
Hmm...
You're not gonna introduce us to her?
Hmm.
[theme music]
[birds chirping]
-[mobile ringing]
-That must be her. Hello?
-[typing and beeping]
-[Jeremy] I don't believe it.
That's the fifth time I've launched
the localization program.
The network must really be blocked.
I can't get into contact with Lyoko.
Uh... Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
[clears throat and giggles]
-[gasps]
-[Odd giggles]
[coughs]
Did you have any trouble getting in?
No, no trouble.
The gates were really easy to climb.
When can you show me
what you're gonna do?
When I'm finished.
I wanna add a little more stuff,
but I haven't found anything I like yet.
You should try the old vinyl records.
There's lots of really
great stuff on vinyl.
-If you want, I'll lend you some.
-Can't we stop talking about music?
We've got better things to do,
don't you think?
Ready for a big thrill session?
Uh...yeah, I guess.
Well then, take me
to the computer room, Odd.
[tense music]
-[computer beeping]
-[Jeremy sighs]
Ugh. I think this time I've got it.
One more operation and...
Aelita... Aelita, it's Jeremy.
Do you read me, Aelita? Hey, Aelita?
[speaking through computer]
Hello Jeremy. How are you?
[Jeremy] Mmm... so-so.
Why, what's wrong?
-I had such a tough time contacting Lyoko.
-That's nothing new.
Lyoko is constantly changing
its access points on the network.
Hey, feel like playing some chess?
Be right there?
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Samantha]
Wow, what kind of power's this one got?
Oh, I don't know... Two gigas?
[Odd gasps]
Hey, cut that out. Put that down,
you hear? What're you doing?
If I'm gonna make music,
I need a powerful computer.
But I'm broke, so I have no choice
but to rip this one off.
Your school's insured,
so everybody's happy, right?
Wrong.
Insurance or not, stealing's a crime.
And besides, nobody does that around here.
-Hey, you're...
-Shh.
[footsteps]
[grunts]
Huh?
I would never have
believed it of you, Odd.
I wasn't gonna steal it, Jim. I swear.
Huh! What were you gonna do with it then?
Uh...
[Jim] You've got
some explaining to do. Follow me.
[Odd] Hmm...
[gasps]
[Jeremy] Checkmate.
Can I try beating
you at... like karate?
[Jim grunts]
-[tense music]
-[Jim] Go on, keep moving.
-Uh...
-[Ulrich gasps]
[Ulrich] Looks like trouble.
Well Odd, this time you are in one heck
of a jam. That's for sure, kid.
[Jim] Caught in the act, stealing
a computer that is school property
isn't like not doing your homework.
-Listen, Jim.
-What the...
This is crazy.
Whenever Odd needs a computer, I lend him
mine. I've done it lots of times.
Go on, tell him, Odd.
Yeah, although... this time,
I needed a really powerful laptop,
and that one was just perfect.
And why didn't you ask permission
to borrow it.
It seems to me that would've
been a lot more simple.
Well, I was afraid that you say no.
Huh... What do you think I am, an idiot?
I want the truth right now!
You stole it, didn't you?
This time,
it's the school disciplinary council,
and you might just get expelled.
Huh? No, wait.
You can't do that to me, Jim!
[mobile ringing]
The use of cell phones is strictly
forbidden on school grounds.
-[sighs]
-Hand it over. Confiscated.
[theme music]
[digital whirring]
Jeremy, Jeremy,
I just spotted an activated tower.
Jeremy, XANA's launched an attack.
Jeremy, answer me.
[tense music]
Hmm... I gotta get out of here!
[gasps]
Okay, tell us what happened. Come on, Odd.
I've got nothing to say. See you later.
I've got things to do... alone!
Uh!
[Odd] Do you see what I see?
XANA!
[tense music]
Hey, they're getting really deep.
Everything's gonna be swallowed up.
[mobile ringing]
Okay, I'll see you at the factory.
[trembling]
Oh, uh!
-[Jeremy] Hold it.
-[Odd] Uh-uh...
Look, I can't go with you now.
Samantha's locked in the science
building's computer room.
Okay, let's go back to the beginning,
'cause I think you lost us, Odd.
She's the one who stole the computer.
I really tried to stop her, but...
well, she's already got
a lot of problems at her school,
so I didn't tell Jim.
No matter what happened,
we gotta get her out of there.
Right. I'll run over
and meet Yumi at the lab.
Okay, step number one: we pay
a little visit to the gymnasium.
[Ulrich] Let's hope
we're the only ones at school.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[panting]
[theme music]
[mechanical whirring]
[Ulrich] It must be in here.
Bingo.
[Odd] So, which way do we go now?
There.
[tense music]
Oh, oh no, I don't believe it!
I'm never gonna get out of here.
It's at least a 20 meter drop down there!
Well, make sure
the rope is attached securely.
[panting]
[ambulance siren wailing]
[gasps]
[Yumi] What's going on?
Uh!
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Connection.
[computer] Connecting to Lyoko.
-[grunts]
-[beeping]
[speaking through computer]
Jeremy, you're there at last.
-XANA's activated a tower.
-That's what we thought.
We've already been affected.
[panting]
[grunting and gasping]
[grunts]
Take your time, and concentrate.
[gasps]
[theme music]
Go!
[grunts]
Okay, here we go. Yah! [grunting]
[gasps]
Hurry, the stairs!
Yumi, you're off to the mountain region.
I've got problems connecting to Lyoko.
The landing could be rough.
[Jeremy] So be careful.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
-[scanning]
-[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[gasps and screams]
[screaming] Hey, get me out of here.
Get me out of here!
[Odd] Let's hope
we don't get there too late.
[grunting]
I've gotta get out!
I've gotta get out of here! [grunting]
[Odd] Samantha! Sam! We're on our way!
-[Odd panting]
-Uh!
Don't worry, Sam. We're gonna get you out.
Yah!
Are you okay? It's over now, Sam.
[Samantha] Oh, Odd, I'm sorry.
I hate to bother you guys, but we've
gotta get out of here, and fast too!
[Yumi gasping and grunting]
-[Aelita] Yumi, your hand.
-[grunts]
[Aelita] Give me your hand.
[Yumi grunting]
[both gasp]
Thank you Aelita.
You got here just in time.
Now we've got to hurry.
XANA's monsters aren't here yet,
but they're bound to come.
[Aelita] The tower's not far from here,
in that direction.
[Yumi] Well, this promises to be
a charming stroll.
It's not as hard as all that,
if you jump at the right time.
-I see what you mean.
-Ready?
[beeping]
[both grunt]
Twenty-six, twenty-seven,
twenty-eight, twenty-nine...
What's going on?
[Jim grunts]
[Yumi gasps]
-[Aelita] We're almost there.
-You were right, Aelita.
[Yumi] It wasn't all that hard.
[Jeremy]
Watch out, three hornets approaching fast.
[grunts]
Stay behind me.
[laser shots]
[gasps]
[gasps] Yah!
[Jeremy] They've disappeared
from my control screens.
Where did they go?
I don't know. In this territory,
they have the advantage.
Can you hear me?
Listen, I'm calling you
from the junior high school.
I work here at the school,
and I need your help.
Listen, it's a real emergency.
I'm stuck in a closet,
with tons of mud around, so get here fast!
No lady, this is not a practical joke!
[Jim] No, I can't wait any longer!
Help me!
[Jeremy] Yumi, the hornets
are coming straight at you!
-[laser shots]
-[Yumi grunts]
Yah!
[Yumi] Jeremy, I'm caught in a crossfire.
I can't hold out much longer!
Hang on!
Odd and Ulrich are on the way!
I hope so anyway.
[theme music]
[laser shots]
[Yumi grunts]
[Aelita gasps]
Ae... Aelita…
[gasping and grunting]
Yumi, no!
Huh?
Try using your creativity,
Aelita. We need a little time!
[laser shots]
[Samantha] Wow, this place is wild.
What is it?
Oh, you're finally here.
Yumi's been devirtualized.
Aelita's fighting three hornets all alone.
Odd, I don't understand any of this.
What's going on? Huh?
Sorry, there's no time to explain.
You keep Jeremy company,
and I'll see you later. What?
-What?
-Oh, girls.
[Jeremy] No time to lose.
[theme music]
[Jeremy]
Destination: the mountains.
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
Scanner Ulrich.
[scanning]
[Jeremy]
Scanner Odd.
-[scanning]
-[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
-Uh!
-[Odd sighs]
-We made it, Einstein.
-[Jeremy] Great.
The path in front of you leads
to the platform where you'll find Aelita.
[laser shots]
[Aelita gasps]
-[Odd] Get out of here, you monster!
-[Ulrich] Sorry we're late, Aelita.
[screaming] Yah!
-This'll convince you to forgive us.
-[Aelita grunts]
Laser arrow!
[Jeremy] You missed the target,
Odd. Ulrich, careful!
Yah!
Watch out, Odd!
So you wanna play? Laser arrow!
[Odd] Hey, what's my problem today, huh?
[Jeremy] They're coming back!
[grunting and screaming]
Laser arrow!
-[Jeremy] Nice going, Odd.
-[Odd] It's about time!
[Ulrich pants] Triplicate.
-[laser shots]
-[Ulrich pants and screams]
[gasps]
Just us now.
Yah!
[both gasp]
[theme music]
[Jim] Help!
Where are they?
Odd!
[Jeremy]
Hurry, Aelita. Let Odd handle it.
[gasps and screams]
Uh... Ah!
[gasps]
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
Yah!
[Jim] Help me!
I don't wanna die! No!
[digital whirring]
Return to the past now!
[indistinct chatter]
-Psst. Okay, he's gone.
-Where is he?
He should be here by now.
Hey, I thought you said no one else knew.
It's okay, they're my pals.
[Odd] This is Ulrich, and this is Jeremy,
the genius who's gonna help you rock.
Have a seat, Sam.
I'll show you what you can do
when you've got great equipment.
[typing and digital whirring]
Thanks, Odd.
Now, if you don't mind, let's focus, okay?
[all laughing]
[theme music]